Apple and Google developed Exposure Notifications (EN) technology to help reduce the spread of COVID-19. If you opt in and enable EN, the technology notifies you of possible exposure to COVID-19 when other users who have been near you test positive. Because this technology is voluntary and not everyone will use it, remember that it will be possible to be exposed to COVID-19 without being notified. 

EN was designed with user privacy as the top priority. As designed, EN collects these data elements, which do not contain data that can identify you: 
Random Identifiers. Identifiers are shared via Bluetooth between users in close proximity who have enabled EN on their devices. This process is managed by Android and iOS. Identifiers are generated by and stored on your device by Android and iOS, and are used to check for exposure when you or someone else uploads a Temporary Exposure Key.
Temporary Exposure Keys. If you test positive for COVID-19, EN can upload your keys to a key server if you choose to allow it. The key server is managed by the Association of Public Health Laboratories (APHL). Uploading allows your keys to be shared with other EN users. The server stores your keys for no more than 14 days. Other users can download keys from the same server. A match alerts a user that they may have been exposed to someone with COVID-19. 
 
By design, EN does not collect location data from your device, and does not collect or share information tying you or your device to either the identifiers or keys you generate.
 
We will not voluntarily share any of your personal information with anyone. When you choose to upload a Temporary Exposure Key, Android and iOS will share that information (which cannot be linked back to you by someone who does not have access to your device) with other devices that have been in contact with your device, as described in the Google and Apple Exposure Notification Framework.
 
You have complete control over your use of this technology. Because we cannot tie a Temporary Exposure Key or Random Identifier log to you without your device, we cannot give you this information or delete this information upon request. Your device allows you to turn off Exposure Notifications or delete the exposure logs stored on your device at any time. Additionally, you can uninstall Exposure Notifications at any time. If you do, all keys stored by Android or iOS will be deleted.
